add note for preventing backing image missing during upgrade to v1.4.0 (#740)
harvester/docs: docs/upgrade/v1-3-2-to-v1-4-0.md

For air-gapped environments, see [Prepare an air-gapped upgrade](./automatic.md#prepare-an-air-gapped-upgrade).

### Preventing Corruption of VM Images During Upgrade

> :::warning
> 
> During the upgrade to Longhorn **v1.7.2** (included in Harvester **v1.4.0**), [a known Longhorn issue](https://github.com/longhorn/longhorn/issues/10644) may lead to **BackingImage** corruption.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::caution

When upgrading to Harvester **v1.4.x**, Longhorn Manager may crash if the `EvictionRequested` flag is set to `true` on any node or disk. This issue is caused by a [race condition](https://longhorn.io/kb/troubleshooting-longhorn-manager-crashes-due-to-backing-image-eviction/) between the deletion of a disk in the backing image spec and the updating of its status. To prevent the issue from occurring, ensure that the `EvictionRequested` flag is set to `false` before you start the upgrade process.

:::
```

Reviewer: The draft warning is too long (requires multiple scrolls) because of the code blocks. I'm moving the workaround out of the warning to shorten it.

> When upgrading to Harvester **v1.4.0**, which includes Longhorn **v1.7.2**, backing images may become corrupted because of [a known Longhorn issue](https://github.com/longhorn/longhorn/issues/10644).

Reviewer 2: If this is something that we absolutely want users to perform pre-upgrade, I think the language needs to reflect that. E.g., 

"Before commencing with the upgrade, run `kubectl apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/longhorn/longhorn/refs/tags/v1.7.2/deploy/longhorn.yaml` to ensure the CRD is updated first. Not doing so might corrupt some backing images as described in this [known Longhorn issue](https://github.com/longhorn/longhorn/issues/10644)."

(Maybe LH team can confirm if it's safe to apply the whole YAML at https://raw.githubusercontent.com/longhorn/longhorn/refs/tags/v1.7.2/deploy/longhorn.yaml.)

But if this optional, we should include some info to help users determine whether this applies to them or not, even if it's just looking out for the `W0327 02:25:36.095752       1 warnings.go:70] unknown field "spec.diskFileSpecMap"` warnings in LH manager.

Author: Updated per suggestion, thanks.

Author: > If this is something that we absolutely want users to perform pre-upgrade, I think the language needs to reflect that. E.g.,
> 
> "Before commencing with the upgrade, run `kubectl apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/longhorn/longhorn/refs/tags/v1.7.2/deploy/longhorn.yaml` to ensure the CRD is updated first. Not doing so might corrupt some backing images as described in this [known Longhorn issue](https://github.com/longhorn/longhorn/issues/10644)."
> 
> (Maybe LH team can confirm if it's safe to apply the whole YAML at https://raw.githubusercontent.com/longhorn/longhorn/refs/tags/v1.7.2/deploy/longhorn.yaml.)
> 
> But if this optional, we should include some info to help users determine whether this applies to them or not, even if it's just looking out for the `W0327 02:25:36.095752 1 warnings.go:70] unknown field "spec.diskFileSpecMap"` warnings in LH manager.

Based on my understanding, updating just the **BackingImage** CRD should be enough to prevent the issue. cc @derekbit @ChanYiLin

> To prevent this from happening, you can manually update the **BackingImage** CRD before upgrading Harvester:
> 
> 1. Patching the **Harvester managechart** to avoid errors or warnings related to the managechart.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To prevent the issue from occurring, you can manually update the `BackingImage` CRD before upgrading Harvester.

1. Patch the **Harvester managedchart** to avoid related errors and warnings.
```

  ```sh
  kubectl patch managedchart harvester \
  -n fleet-local \
  --type='json' \
  -p='[
    {
      "op":"add",
      "path":"/spec/diff/comparePatches/-",
      "value": {
        "apiVersion":"apiextensions.k8s.io/v1",
        "jsonPointers":["/spec","/metadata/annotations", "/metadata/labels", "/status"],
        "kind":"CustomResourceDefinition",
        "name":"backingimages.longhorn.io"
      }
    }
  ]'
  ```

> 1. Apply the [**BackingImage** CRD](https://github.com/longhorn/longhorn/blob/v1.7.2/deploy/longhorn.yaml#L486-L690) from **Longhorn v1.7.2** in advance of the upgrade to prevent potential issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Apply the **Longhorn v1.7.2** [`BackingImage` CRD](https://github.com/longhorn/longhorn/blob/v1.7.2/deploy/longhorn.yaml#L486-L690).
```

                    properties:
                      lastStateTransitionTime:
                        type: string
                      message:
                        type: string
                      progress:
                        type: integer
                      state:
                        type: string
                    type: object
                  nullable: true
                  type: object
                diskLastRefAtMap:
                  additionalProperties:
                    type: string
                  nullable: true
                  type: object
                ownerID:
                  type: string
                size:
                  format: int64
                  type: integer
                uuid:
                  type: string
                virtualSize:
                  description: Virtual size of image, which may be larger than physical
                    size. Will be zero until known (e.g. while a backing image is uploading)
                  format: int64
                  type: integer
              type: object
          type: object
      served: true
      storage: true
      subresources:
        status: {}
  ```

> 3. Performing an upgrade of Harvester from **v1.3.2** to **v1.4.0**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Start the upgrade process.
```

For air-gapped environments, see [Prepare an air-gapped upgrade](./automatic.md#prepare-an-air-gapped-upgrade).

### Preventing Corruption of VM Images During Upgrade

:::caution

During the upgrade to Longhorn **v1.7.2** (included in Harvester **v1.4.0**), [a known Longhorn issue](https://github.com/longhorn/longhorn/issues/10644) may lead to **BackingImage** corruption.

> To prevent this from happening, you can manually update the **BackingImage** CRD before upgrading Harvester:

Author: No worry
